Try to make ECN validation more robust (#3779)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

  element that removes ECN markings or a peer that is unable to access ECN
  markings, since the peer could respond without ECN feedback in either case.

* ECN validation fails if the sum of the increase in ECT(0) and ECT(1) counts,
  plus any increase in the ECN-CE count is less than the number of packets sent
  with the corresponding ECT codepoint. This check can detect removal of ECN
  markings.

* ECN validation fails if any unaccounted for increase in the sum of ECT(0) and
  ECN-CE counts, plus any unaccounted for increase in the sum of ECT(1) and
  ECN-CE counts, less any unaccounted for increase in the sum of the ECT(0),
  ECT(1), and ECN-CE counts is not between zero and the overall increase to the
  ECN-CE count from this ACK frame.  An unaccounted for increase is determined
  by subtracting the number of newly acknowledged packets that were originally
  sent with the corresponding mark from the increase in counts reported in the
  ACK frame.  This check can detect erroneous changes between ECT(0) and
  ECT(1) markings in the network.

An endpoint MAY also validate total counts based on the total number of packets

> that it sent with with a given marking.  In that case, ECN validation can also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that it sent with a given marking.  In that case, ECN validation can also
```

be performed based on total counts rather than increases.  As a special case,

> an endpoint that never applies a particular marking can fail validation when a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an endpoint that never applies a particular ECT codepoint can fail validation when a
```
